=My Bill Buddy=
---------------
*Team Members:*
Abhinav Kapoor(2009003)	Surbhi Jain(2009047) 	Priyanshi Mittal(2009034)

*Product Definition:*
Our project consists of developing a mobile applet for an easy, secure, instant and cashless transfer of small money to friends. It also includes a central server that processes each transaction and keeps record of account balances, and a central trusted body that keeps all the cash safe and secure.

*Goals, Objectives:*
To enable users to be able to pay their friends instantly and easily without having to search for change in pocket or saying:”I will pay you later.”

*Motivation:*
We ourselves have gone for eat outs in groups many a times and faced the problem of no change and have to pay back later. Even remembering to pay is also difficult. So this kind of an applet will surely help everyone.

*Value preposition:*
It is an easy to use, instant, secure and cashless way to pay small amounts to your friends for daily eats outs or drinks.

*Business Value:*
All the students and even faculty go out for fun sometimes and occasional one pays for all and others pay him back. Managing this small amount and remembering to pay is sometimes difficult. This project will result in a solution to this issue and enable an instant and secure payment option.

*Users:*
All members at IIIT-D.

*Features, Functionality, Services:*
It will be easy to use, Secure - uses encryption to communicate with server. Allow instant transfer between accounts. Create account using your phone number and IIITD account. Enable one click transfer.

*User Reviews and Feedback:*

•Good application and will use it surely.

•Someone can misuse my account. (_Protected by your login id and password of iiitd account._)

•What about security provisions? (_Encryption will be used to communicate to server and iiitd secure body for transactions_).

•Easy and useful application.

<g:plusone size="medium"></g:plusone>